TELCODOCS-347-SNO-DU-INSTALL (#42471)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/sno-du-cluster-specific-addressing.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * scalability_and_performance/sno-du-deploying-clusters-on-single-nodes.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="sno-du-cluster-specific-addressing_{context}"]
= Configuring cluster-specific addressing

After networking has been configured, configure the specific addresses for the single node
distributed unit (DU).

.Procedure

> * The following example shows the configuration for IPv4 and IPv6 addresses. Configure IPv4 and IPv6 on the network interface to support a dual stack deployment. Customize these settings for the specific environment of the single node DU:

Author: @imiller0 I'll need new examples.

+
[source,yaml]
----

> apiVersion: agent-install.openshift.io/v1beta1
> kind: NMStateConfig
> metadata:
>   labels:
>     nmstate-label: sno-du-1
>   name: sno-du-1
>   namespace: sno-du-1
> spec:
>   config:
>     dns-resolver:
>       config:
>         server:
>           - 10.19.42.41 <1>
>     interfaces:
>       - ipv4:
>           address: <2>
>             - 10.16.231.3/24
>             - 10.16.231.28/24
>             - 10.16.231.31/24
>         dhcp: false
>           enabled: true
>         ipv6:
>             address: <3>
>               - 2620:52:0:10e7:e42:a1ff:fe8a:601/64
>               - 2620:52:0:10e7:e42:a1ff:fe8a:602/64
>               - 2620:52:0:10e7:e42:a1ff:fe8a:603/64
>         dhcp: false
>           enabled: true
>         macAddress: "00:00:00:01:20:30"
>           state: up
>           name: eno1
>           type: ethernet
>         routes:    <4>
>           config:
>             - destination: 0.0.0.0/0
>                 next-hop-address: 10.16.231.254
>                 next-hop-interface: eno1
>                 table-id: 254
>     interfaces: <5>
>       - name: eno1
>           macAddress: "00:00:00:01:20:30"
> ----
> <1> Configure the DNS entries.
> <2> Configure `eno1` IPv4 connectivity. In this case, it is assumed there is a dual stack.
> <3> Configure `eno1` IPv6 connectivity. In this case, it is assumed there is a dual stack.
> <4> The default route configuration.
> <5> The interface name and MAC address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
apiVersion: agent-install.openshift.io/v1beta1
kind: NMStateConfig
metadata:
  labels:
    nmstate-label: sno-du-1
  name: sno-du-1
  namespace: sno-du-1
spec:
  config:
    dns-resolver:
      config:
        server:
          - 10.19.42.41 <1>
    interfaces:
      - ipv4:
          address: <2>
            - 10.16.231.28/24
          dhcp: false
          enabled: true
        ipv6:
          enabled: false
        macAddress: "00:00:00:01:20:30"
        state: up
        name: eno1
        type: ethernet
    routes:    <3>
      config:
        - destination: 0.0.0.0/0
            next-hop-address: 10.16.231.254
            next-hop-interface: eno1
            table-id: 254
  interfaces: <4>
    - name: eno1
      macAddress: "00:00:00:01:20:30"
----
<1> Configure the DNS entries.
<2> Configure `eno1` IPv4 connectivity.
<3> The default route configuration.
<4> The interface name and MAC address.
```

Reviewer: Ignore previous. Too many indentation issues to recover from, here is a clean generated version:
```suggestion
apiVersion: agent-install.openshift.io/v1beta1
kind: NMStateConfig
metadata:
    annotations:
        argocd.argoproj.io/sync-wave: "1"
    labels:
        nmstate-label: cnfocto1
    name: cnfocto1.ptp.lab.eng.bos.redhat.com
    namespace: cnfocto1
spec:
    config:
        dns-resolver:
            config:
                search:
                    - ptp.lab.eng.bos.redhat.com
                server:
                    - 10.19.42.41 <1>
        interfaces:
            - ipv4:
                address:
                    - ip: 10.16.231.28 <2>
                      prefix-length: 24
                enabled: true
              ipv6:
                enabled: false
              macAddress: 00:00:00:01:20:30
              name: eno1
              state: up
              type: ethernet
        routes:
            config:
                - destination: 0.0.0.0/0 <3>
                  next-hop-address: 10.16.231.254
                  next-hop-interface: eno1
                  table-id: 254
    interfaces: <4>
        - name: eno1
          macAddress: 00:00:00:01:20:30

----
<1> Configure the DNS entries.
<2> Configure `eno1` IPv4 connectivity.
<3> The default route configuration.
<4> The interface name and MAC address.
```

Author: Made this update.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// *scalability_and_performance/sno-du-deploying-clusters-on-single-nodes.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="sno-du-cluster-specific-addressing_{context}"]

> = Configuring cluster-specific addressing

Author: changed.

After networking has been configured, configure the specific addresses for the single node
distributed unit (DU).

.Procedure

* The following example shows the configuration for IPv4 and IPv6 addresses. Configure IPv4 and IPv6

> on the network interface to support a dual stack deployment. Customize these

Author: removed this topic.

settings for the specific environment of the single node DU:
+

> [source,yaml]

Author: fixed.

----
apiVersion: agent-install.openshift.io/v1beta1
kind: NMStateConfig
metadata:
    labels:
        nmstate-label: sno-du-1
    name: sno-du-1
    namespace: sno-du-1
spec:
    config:
        dns-resolver:
            config:
                server:
                    - 10.19.42.41 <1>
        interfaces:
            - ipv4:

>                 Address: <2>

Author: changed.

                    - 10.16.231.3/24
                    - 10.16.231.28/24
                    - 10.16.231.31/24
                dhcp: false
                enabled: true
              ipv6:
                Address: <3>
                    - 2620:52:0:10e7:e42:a1ff:fe8a:601/64
                    - 2620:52:0:10e7:e42:a1ff:fe8a:602/64
                    - 2620:52:0:10e7:e42:a1ff:fe8a:603/64
                dhcp: false
                enabled: true

>               macAddress: "00:00:00:01:20:30"

Author: added.

>               macAddress: "00:00:00:01:20:30"

Author: removed this topic.

              name: eno1
              type: ethernet
        routes:    <4>
            config:
                - destination: 0.0.0.0/0
                  next-hop-address: 10.16.231.254
                  next-hop-interface: eno1
                  table-id: 254
    interfaces: <5>
        - name: eno1
          macAddress: "00:00:00:01:20:30"
----
<1> Configure the DNS entries.
<2> Configure `eno1` IPv4 connectivity. In this case, it is assumed there is a dual stack.
<3> Configure `eno1` IPv6 connectivity. In this case, it is assumed there is a dual stack.
<4> The default route configuration.
<5> The interface name and MAC address.
+
This is an example of a single stack IPv6 configuration:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: agent-install.openshift.io/v1beta1
kind: NMStateConfig
metadata:
  name: nmstate-sno
  namespace: test-sno
  labels:
    nmstate-label: test-sno-nmstate
spec:
  config:
    interfaces:

>       - name: eno1

Author: removed this topic.
